for the empty table because here you saw
when it's done it's all total enchastre
this is done all by quantity of pieces
hundreds of pieces things
with this product color does not put the
catalyst that hardens the resin that
molds are emptied
also it does so has one of the
stages is that you have to mark them champs
it is marked but you have to drill the
because they are drilled they come out with these
marks makes a sunthread and with
the machines carries a rod and in
these rods that enter from to 6
units because the high machines
empty is not only one of the most
large doors six units takes
baked and comes out with esteban and the pieces
with two originals so individual and
after the individual goes
do the necks that this is one of the
ears of the big cup
with bathroom and without bathroom
Well I girls then caffeine
for in the director of are the chicks
of the small glass the armed very easy not
it has tried to make this the pieces
that they are all the same so that the
armed that we grab this and another
anyone can find that is
the glass perfectly armed
the base is
yes
with many years
everything dominated is worked
this one knows broke if it's a new better
in this time it is in all groups if
all that is the subject of the resin of
why the whole process is the
Resin work is passed to a wash
that to get all kinds of oil is
that can have hands because the greasiness
because when you do the metal bath
you do not have to have anything that is
plaintiff so that it sinaloa home to
bathroom
for example when there is a cup that
have
a little bit of wax or something comes out with certain
details this is sorted and I
of course they do not go to the window
so you do a very high process
of working with the family and then for